c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.dll.config
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\PhotoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\ng.Net Template1.dll
c:\users\mateusz.mrozek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\ng.Net Template1.pdb
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.dll.config
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\ng.Net Template1.pdb
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Owin.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\ng.Net Template1.dll
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\ng.Net Template1.pdb
D:\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\PhotoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
